0.1.x (#121)
strangelove-ventures/wadesta: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Why this library exist?

> Currently there were no stable library for cosmos wallets. We were inspired by the patterns in [`wagmi`](https://wagmi.sh) in the Etherium ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time there were no stable libraries for cosmos wallets. We were inspired by the patterns in [`wagmi`](https://wagmi.sh) in the Ethereum ecosystem.
```
